all the way
down bad genetics bad genetics bad the
ball kid bully the ball kid so is there
four people online in this game right
now uhhuh looks guys hold on let me give
you the lore of this game this is the
new FNAF okay so this is Goofy gorillas
this place is called goofy gorillas this
is the goofy gorillas playround gorilla
going gorilla gorilla gry I'm going in
the playground this is literally just in
the ball p no way I'm in the ball p dude
that's
Hy pure Nostalgia all I'm hearing right
now that's
insane tickles my
ears my Tik Tok sensory actually it's
like it's like waves of an ocean oh oh
we don't even ready up we don't need to
be ready up crazy that guy this is all
we need what are you looking looking at
us why you sound creepy who invited the
bald kid who invited Caillou's
bald give me some P give me some p
let me ball let me ball just went twice
is that Grizzy yeah I'm bad at balling
I'm very bad you hit my ball I'm going
to hit it he hit my ball
nice epic hold up let's make bowling
baseball hear me out throw a bowling
ball at my hand I don't think that's
going to work well but yeah all
right don't go to pull my leg Nelson
I'll throw a bowling ball at your head
any day what else is there damn don't
get lost in goofy gorillas dude it's
unsafe I'm going to get lost that's when
the rip you in half oh I remember these
yippe found the slide thank you for
watching me slide down a slide be sure
to leave a like if you like me slide
down the slide what so stupid what dude
I'm going to leave a F this room cuz I'm
a kid and I can do that yeah I'm cool
with that damn wait I found a soccer
field hey ball up hey yo yeah 2v2 2v2
come here dude I can't wait to eat a
bunch of greasy pizza and throw up in
here with you
guys all right let's go all right I'll
go no what is that wait where'd it go
it's out of bounds out of
bounds with the bald kid man I don't
like him oh oh what I got cou on my
[__] team let's
go where' it go you got it nope oh it's
all the way back
already of course of course it's the
bald kid of course it's the bald kid you
guys are so toxic I literally have stage
four I hate bald
people yeah buddy I wish it was already
done with
stage four more like stage her the [__]
up bro over the top of your head oh
header monkey in the middle monkey in
the middle on your family why don't
youal hey double
score that you're literally not allowed
to do that literally did it three times
literally just did it three times points
right there I'm going to throw up in the
back of your Mom's
van than you guys man I'm breaking it
down now hold up hold up wait I didn't
know he I know the ball was Che like
that I know you Che like that I'm one of
them what how'd you do that you your
head he's bald we love a supportive King
hit T is it
[Applause]
t step up quick it I'm going to throw up
oh my God what I'm saying my head yeah
yeah yeah I don't know what dance I'm
moving I'm doing first person break danc
oh my God what's happening in my neck my
screen is just going everywhere C GT
nope damn damn damn oh yeah oh yeah you
can [__] dizzy I'm gonna get dizzy oh
sh I can see me doing windmills while I
hit M and dance I'm taking my Footwear
off I got to keep the afro please
don't bro you know what why do I kind of
look like ice
spice yeah you kind of bad do we want to
play hide-and-seek first we play
hide-and-seek first yeah let play hide
andek sounds sick all yeah this game
actually has purpose guys remember wash
your hands in five easy steps wet your
hands withm water please what are we
doing two next you soap are you [__]
are you in the bathroom are you in the
bathroom then scrub I messed up I [__]
in the sink I can tell they put a sign
up for
you e dude you literally you're built
like a sperm cell wait who's don't you
throw that ball don't you [__] throw
that
ball it's not fair it's not fair
literally can't do anything
even you're hiding
wait all right the
seers know
thater yes sir yeah we're kind of dumb
as [__] Seekers Hideout all right let's
go yeah we're just going to have to
chase you around the playground this
whole time bananas what
what my God he just gave me the people's
elbow
damn that was actually oh you made me
choke I almost I know that would have
been so creepy keep your eyes peeled
you'll see movement look for a big green
[__] who whoa whoa hey gri can you shut
the [__] up up there am I talking
there what do
you you mean by up there that's [__]
awkward sorry I you were there that's
really
awkward you can buy stuff you know oh
[__] wow no way y you that use what the
17 bananas that were tripping no
spotting PS no we didn't I don't even
know what that is MHM we didn't use that
what you doing down here you dummy on
this up
here in the [__] you know what I'mma
climb up this Slide the lucky I can't
enter the slide it's kind of whack who
just
weed Nintendo a couple years ago couple
who going to tell them N I know your
bald ass down here bro gy over here a
[__] the banana hey gy I'm Chas I'm
chasing someone oh hell no you look you
look I don't know how to navigate this
[__] bro you a little too good at this
man why are we so bad at finding them I
don't know I'm breaking down dude I
don't honestly I'm kind of having fun
I'm just in tubes I feel like a hamster
crawling around a guy's colon oh
godon I didn't even see puffer what no
you didn't you hit at the front door bro
oh damn I'm dead I'm so dead right here
y'all would y'all wouldn't bully me
right right right right right right
right right right welc toy gorillas at 2
a.m. you would hit me in the corner
right too smoth with it too smooth with
it get away go go go please please he
dropped he dropped he dropped I would
never no there no oh too SM it please
please get his
help bro I went back to the same spot
who snuck the boxing L this kid is
insane
where are
you you see that by the way yeah I did
yeah absolutely I didn't want to ruin it
you know what I'm
saying where the [__] are you Mt come
here you got to let puffer find him come
on man come on don't do this
man you just [__] up banana peel puffer
came in here yeah really he like eded
his came in here and then he just left
he edged his did not look right he oh I
didn't know you could go over
here
I knew it holy [__] I was hoping you
would put enough to get them both damn
it's slippery in there bro give me that
hammer get a hammer okay yeah why do I
feel like they're going to be close as
hell cuz
they're no way wait wait it actually
close
I oh my my hammer won't stop
spinning he knocked the [__] out of me
yeah he knocked the [__] out of
me his ass F got his ass you guys messed
up you just you activated the demon
where your bald ass at man yeah I I knew
it you ain't going to you such a b Matt
come here
please come here come here way dude Matt
get down here pleas get that in get that
in all right are you in the slide bro
get in the SL get in the slide walk walk
walk
walk hit you I just saw through the SL
God damn it dude oh man
who why are you bowling don't worry
about it buing buing buing buing I see a
random spawn drone is that yours no I
think there's just a random one on the
map I saw it before too I'm honest I got
some map knowledge now he said drone
that [__] peep that you're such a sweat
dude oh my God it comes in handy grow up
yeah yeah what you going to do what you
going to do I'm dancing what you going
to do I'm dancing [__] I Can't Stop
Dancing look at me look at me you see me
yeah yeah yeah I'm going to die because
how do we get up there what the hell he
knows exactly how to get up there yeah I
know I know he does I know how do I get
up there BR is not an actor here's the
thing I didn't know how to get up there
hey
Bob no come here come you got run has a
ball run yo okay get this little D oh my
God bro Caillou is too evil I'm pretty
sure one of his asses went down a slide
no they definitely did I definitely went
down a slide on he's big brain in this
[__] Bro going say I heard a slide why
is this so horrifying bro cuz it's goofy
gorillas at 3:00 a.m.
I getting later every time I mention it
oh
God hey
idot Bal ass bro buffer did you hit all
four of my bananas I hit three of them
bro I put them in the most I know I put
him in the most random spots because of
that he's playing on a TR trol y
trampoline that's how you get on those I
be tickling my pickling I'm like what I
can't see my dodgeballs in my face hello
just for fun that's pretty F hey man
oh I saw you go down I
did oh [__] huh what the [__] is this
found a trampoline local black man
discovers trampoline
trampolines I can smell that afro dance
D I knew it [__] was right I knew it
come here
[__] the slow ass my God no
where huh n n [__] the Dodge wall I
don't even need it no
more damn
damn I broke my leg Yeah Yeah you Tred
with that banana huh you trying with the
bananas huh I got lost wait he actually
got me he what it's like he's playing
lethal company there's a bracket dude
what I'm the bracket now what's bracking
blood he just throw Dynamite at
me put your ass over here man I'm on his
ass I'm on his God ban I didn't even see
him is he faster than me I don't know oh
my God I'm a gorilla it's dodgeball time
yes sir no I'm going to Bonk Matt right
in the forehead with it that kid where
he just goes right up the stone and
throws at their face oh right on the
line right on the line it's a full beam
yeah bro was just standing here break
dancing on the counter oh so you do see
me a
[__] I say I can't really I can't it was
like a cartoon sandwich bite all right
party people I'm hopping back on the
booth [__] wa what [__] disco Flo I
think I I think I just [__] myself for
let me all
reliable oh my
God bro what the fck y'all some [__]
for that y some [__] I was not
expecting that at
all somebody a little dj out here huh no
oh [__] [__] you know what I'll let you
go we got two minutes why the [__] would
you do that why would you let him go n
bro just emoted on me
bro nah bro just emoted he got to die he
got to get out of here gri are you in my
ball are you in the ball I feel like
sm's going to go for a round in the ball
pit and try to pretend to be a ball I
feel like that's definitely a Smitty
thing to do you know shut the hell up
your ass yeah I saw you run
back I saw you run back you want to do
other game modes there's free-for-all
and infection what's free in infection
would be
fun go how' you do that I just clicked
it left click it I didn't really mean to
go there that was like a test like this
like a test from hey come on okay I got
you you're literally you're throwing my
game you're you're literally throwing
you're literally throw you literally
just threw my you literally just oh my
god dude I can't I can't work under
these conditions I can't stand you all
right ready up all right infection game
mode so oh and it's me and I got my
hammer okay all right guys we got to we
got to work together here no bananas
Allowed no you can't buy anything in
this mode Ah that's kind of lame
actually no we actually can't buy
anything Grizzy you don't you don't have
anything to worry about for real like
I'm not actually I'm not lying to you
yeah watch out for all the Banas I just
laid out yeah I just put out a bunch
yeah heads up for the bananas not lie I
also laid out 14 pounds of plutonium
what I didn't see that in the item shop
the fortnite item shop pluton my mom my
mom said I could bring one thing from
home really you really tried that I you
really tried that huh I need help no you
don't oh
my bro ain't no way I was stuck on a
trampoline bro that's some [__] hey
SP over here hey over here on God on God
on God stay on God get him go get him on
God go get him that's a lie wow he on
God just lied that's crazy you still
chasing me the fat in the
that's over bro you blend in you blend
in so well
ow ow what happened what get B I didn't
think you were [__] up there still no
come to the streets this my playground
man oh yeah now we got to you want a
hammer you want a hammer I'll hammer yes
my you think the problem is I can't move
out of here
because US 10 vbucks 10 vbucks is it the
ball pill slide yeah all right 10 vuck
US vbucks listen I could wi wa if you do
wait damn I didn't think you would do
that we locked
in for
you
you're lucky your dad built this
place imagine screaming help like
that McDonald's playground help I'm
stuck oh to Crazy POV [__] in my ass I'm
going leave you right to them I got a
great view good this is a perfect don't
do that you wouldn't
break carto ass ow Mom I hate the tripol
to my Anor I'm terrified to move I'm so
terrified to move sa bro this is scary
you would have hit somebody in the ball
pit would you no I would go out of my
way to hit some [__] in the ball
pit ow I fell and dropped my hammer see
like the ball pit hit you I saw shmy no
you didn't oh yeah there he is yeah he's
he's on a pink level he on a pink level
I see his dumb ass okay they do know I
got a perfect view of everything right
now bisexual level right now got a
craziest view man where all my scerts at
maybe even my dubberts as well
shout out all the
dubberts all the [__] dots in the
crowd put your PA in the air if you
named Dober drop a comment down below
bro I just want you to know that you
ran hon you ran right past both of you
guys did mom's got a hammer mom's
dragging your dumb ass back to school oh
my God I just witnessed murder I'm
literally coming for your ass czy I know
where you are don't do that damn that's
crazy that's gr your dumb ass was hiding
don't don't do that I like RP this as
I'm mom and my stupid [__] bratty
kids won't leave the slide place so I'm
just instead you beat them down with a
hammer yes
valid damn you hit the spot or
what what's up with the McDonald's whip
though yeah I wish you could drive him W
okay time to get the [__] out of here go
go go go go I just heard a little slide
I have schizophrenia I've been alone in
my bedroom all night oh man you're lucky
you're
lucky what how did that miss you how'd
that miss you how' that miss
you are we both getting chased right now
there we
go
please I'm dead I'm dead I'm dead oh I'm
going to B
it oh you're so luck dude oh that is
nerve-wracking so I know I had 10
seconds left that round got my blood
pressure up bro I got an idea guys
solidarity solidarity come here wait no
no no come come come come come come I
got an idea I found the spot earlier I
[__] in the corner and then threw up and
my mom grounded me listen one of us got
to take the hit yeah we'll find out who
it is racist I'm just saying I'm just
saying I heard Mom's got the hammer out
again did you just hit that g on Style
the weird kid doing back
flips when you find out it's only stage
three okay dude I'm not going to lie
this kind of like a terrible spot but
you know per he's also terrible at
navigating this place you playing soccer
by yourself
buffer why
me yes I am oh my God oh my God hey
don't do that don't do that don't do
that no no
squeeze
what the [__] what in the
Scooby-Doo I can't
hit got his oh my God I can't wait to
drink Coke out of a extremely scratched
pitcher wow that is that is vivid math
yeah that is a vivid description that is
a very viid scratch so much it's not
even clear anymore I didn't I didn't I
didn't think you could take me back any
further but you just did it I see your
dumb
ass I do you understand that I was right
in that tube with you Smitty oh my God
if you if puffer if you didn't hit that
soccer ball I was dead he would have
checked left I got you I got youy don't
worry no I you I don't think I have you
anymore please I don't think I have any
more no no you don't you don't I'm hella
dead I'm H I'll go a soccer ball real
quick that's [__]
yipp sorry buddy oh my hammer ah you
[__] that's a [__] man I see what's
happened my
end Grizzy come down in the balls and I
was like come on he's on me he's on me
ice spice on me what I lost him already
[__]
he's time when you killed someone
caution
stinky I love that sign so
good I really thought this door was a
push just just go I
go you're so lucky you dodged
[Music]
that I'm like they a little too [__]
quiet hi
Grizzy you see me up here you know you
ain't inquisitive no start jumping oh
they're jump right now they're wasting
time you don't see me up here I'm
looking right at you through the mesh
what level am I on why do you I'm at the
top what do you mean what you mean at
the top I'm at the top I'm at the
bottom okay get the [__] out of here Lon
ass me when I'm at the Zoo Lion ass S no
they're doing dumb [__] they're doing
dumb [__] got to be ball pit round it's
ball pit round isn't it they
were M was F Commando Pro on that [__]
holy [__] man you want know where Grizz
is right here poer lick my balls oh my
God like bro they didn't let it die
how did you lose me what I think he's
chasing me buddy I don't know who I'm
chasing did [__] I went down the S me
that was kind of fun I wish you could
climb up the slide you know like a good
old okay thought that was him D Matt not
a single person
F this is my
peee what running into the weird kid in
the ball
pit his D ass dick this is
my it's a good thing Matt didn't go down
that side what the [__] why is it so
quiet guys I be finding you are you D
weird [__] you that sounds like a grown
ass man I don't think that's a child
would explain why he's bald than Italian
dude
what I just I just followed Matt for
like a solid 20 seconds right behind him
he just never turned around why would I
turn around oh
goder damn it is french fish dude stop
talking I'm trying to sound
whor please please hey what do I got to
do what do I got to do what do I got to
do what do I got to do
die did you hear my gulp right before I
got hit I don't know how to hear the
post it was just
a Jesus that's more than a goal yeah
buddy that's a that's you just ate a
live bird like an entire thing yeah
these punching bags need to go on God
punching bags he's on the blue side blue
side I see I see dumb oh my god dude
what the I can't talk [__] can't say
[__] around here man here how about this
if you beat me in stalker I'll let you
live okay or just run away oh that's you
you're like you TR to oh no oh hell no
he don't lie bro why I feel like I'm
about to get pinched right here like a
[__] me when I see that weird
that's awkward oh
man just knock this kid
out you know those videos somebody like
jumps and like Superman punches their
phone that's what just happened to me as
I came out the corner of a slide oh [__]
oh hell no that didn't go Time come on
come on come on come on come on up off
oh no no no no no
no what how did you get away what oh my
God you just slid and broke your neck
did not get away confirmed oh good not
Bueno definitely not bueno no [__]
bueno no [__] W right there me no
please oh my God I thought you were with
him I'm not going lie I thought you were
I actually did go the wrong way but I I
went around [__] I've never seen Zoom so
fast is out of there oh my God I feel
safe but I also don't right now why do
y'all never turn around I just been
creeping I don't know man I just been
creeping behind
yall I knew you saw me you [__] I
missed I knew you saw me that's exactly
why I said like I feel safe but I don't
at the same time no o oh ooh ooh I'm
dead oh you want me so
bad can you hear
this what the [__] cartoon ass
that okay he's not near this side of the
map guys [__] with us I know where
that is red side red side top left top
left we have call outs I'm moving I'm
moving I'm moving Callos soccer clear
soccer
clear I could be completely wrong
checking dice dump checking he's on pink
floor he's on pink floor pink floor pink
floor he's on soccer field soccer field
no longer clear he's on Blue slide back
ball pit
what
what okay now I'm confused gry what he's
he I'm the one running where the hell
are you ball pit no I knew it I was like
so confused by what Griz was saying back
balls back balls back balls back balls
yeah I was feeling my own [__] balls
making sure everything was all right
back there I didn't know this was 10
bucks and it's 100% better than Modern
Warfare 3 I agree oh yeah better
campaign better story better campaign
better piz piz yeah oh I wish this had
like custom Workshop maps that would be
sick that'd be sick well I mean since
we're the only four players hopefully
you know hey whoever watching the video
custom Ms please please I love being a
gorilla
[Music]
please